A robbery has just happened and a million dollars has been stolen. The thief was by himself and recruited civillians to help him with his robbery. He told 10 civillians to do one sinple task for a thousand dollars with the civillians not knowing that they were a part of a robbery. The police were bewildered. How could someone have thought of such a masterful plan. In order to catch the culprit, they would have to interrogate every civilian in the town, but that was impossible. 
The police had a new idea, they decided to get the bank statements of all potentiail civilian collaborators to check their transactions and see if a deposit was made. As the police entered the Federal Reserve branch in Boston they were surrounded by 10 civillians and the original criminal. It was clear, that they wanted to double down and rob the Federal Reserve. The police were out numbered, 3 to 10. Each civillian had a gun and so did the robber. They took the police into a secure location, the reserve workers were in on the crime. The police were locked up into a large holding cell. Time passed and the criminal came into the cell to talk with the officers. 
A childish dog mask adorned the criminals face so the police assumed they still had a chance at getting out alive. The criminal slowly paced around the police who were tied together in the middle of the cell. The criminal began to speak and the cops suddenly realized something. They assume the criminal was a man primarilly because the security cameras from the first robbery clearly showed a man. Either the security tapes had been altered or there were actually two criminals. The criminal continued pacing around the police as she explained to them that as soon as all the money had been cleared from the bank, an anonymous caller would alert the police headquarters of the theft. The criminal taunted the police tied up, telling them they were no good at their job. She continued this for only a few minutes before leaving presumably to aid in the heist. The polic quickly began theorizing among themselves about having two criminals at play. One proposed a rather interesting idea. Was each individual citizen involved in the first theft accounted for in the second theft? The numbers maintained consitency but did the identities? The partners in crime could have been taking turns pretending to be a citizen to make sure the whole group of citizens stayed loyal to the plan. This new idea seemed plausible to the police but would also hinder efforts to stop the criminals. It didn't take long for the crimical to come back to the cell, this time with a bat. Without saying anything, she hit the three policemen in the head, knocking them out. Time passed, and eventually finally the police came to the Federal Reserve. As mentioned by the criminal, the police was indeed alerted of a theft by an anonymous caller. While they were searching for any clues the criminals may have left behind, they found the policemen. But something was out of place, only 2 policemen were in the cell. 
